{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red73\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17340\viewh13640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 1 MEETING\

\fs24 \cf0 Proposal
\b0 \ulnone \
-How to?\
-Length?\
-Content?\
-Nb of reference\
\
\

\b \ul Literature Review
\b0 \ulnone \
-Style for the literature review?\
-Relate history of subject reviewed?\
-Do I need to specify page number when referring to a source apart from books?\
-Findings > Only from literature or also checked/validated with questionnaires/interviews?\
\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone plan and indications \
\
Sequence diagram\
Use cases\
Produce a Demo - Interface\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 2 MEETING\

\fs24 \cf0 \

\b0 \ulnone -Any literature on Napier Sustainability programs? / YES found 2 is there more relevant? Yes\
-Shall I work from their work? Yes\
-Shall I get in touch with them? in the design face\
-Project management methodologies in the Review? \
-Where to justify the choice of technologies / platform? Literature review + platform review? Design\
-Risk, when? Design\
\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone too much details > don't spend time on \
50% of time on the dev\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 3 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Do we have to use indented lines ?\
\

\b - Shall I include specific examples in Green IT and Green IS? Specific recommendations? Use cases?\
\
- Shall I place the recommendations about carb calc in the lit review or design?\
\
- Do you see anything I haven't covered / planned to cover / and that would be relevant in the lit review?\
\

\b0 - RESEARCH METHODOLOGY : Follow (Jenkin, Webster, & McShane, 2011, p. 36) recommendation to use action research ???\
\

\b - Can you write me a letter to justify that I'm still a student for the council tax?\

\b0 need to see that later\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - Need to produce a report\
- Just a paragraph for the rest of the diss\
- Check the ref recommendations\
- Check the fonts recommendations\
- No long quotes\
- Methodologies are mostly dev methods but check Action Research see if it can make an impression\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 4 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Hand in two / three docs with diff referencing format : APA, IEEE ?\
- Shouldn't I research more into web 2 and behavioural change / influence of web based apps\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - virtualized server WAMP\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 5 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Tense\
- MVC\
- Store in databse\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - \
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 6 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Use of jQuery & open source plugins ok?\
- Not using MVC atm, do you think that's a problem?\
- Store in database > CO2 result, standard object that could be used for other input source\
- Energy meters?\
- Is the average result given by AMEE too vague and useless?\
- My understanding is to build a framework  that offer different ways of getting a REPORT, this is the thing that matters, getting values from AMEE is just a way, could be from other sources so the actual values that are treated are of little importance in the project. ok?\
- Garett visual vocabulary? UML diagrams\
- Imed said we need the feedback from the proposal for next week workshop\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - \
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 7 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Statcounter for browser stats? (resolution > 1024, HTML 5, javascript etc)\
- When storyboarding on paper / sketches should I keep and include them?\
- XLS? XML, PDF? \
- Testing session? When? \
- Hosting > Home possible, Uni faster\
- Contextual Help? tooltips?\
- How detailed have to diagrams to be? To explain the process that take place when pushing buttons etc. > document every triggers? or just comment code?\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - \
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 8 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Check Diagrams?\
- On standby factor\
- Input form > calculate from Energy Star values\
- \
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - Local version only\
- Questionnaire\
- Testing protocol\
- Check bug cache after login - DONE\
- Logged user display - DONE\
- Saved audit message - DONE\
- Merge audits ?\
- CSS printing - report DONE - compare TODO\
- XLS (HTML export)\
- Login sidebar - DONE\
- login btn - DONE\
- compare redirect - DONE\
- display print css - DONE\
- white bckgrnd\
\
- for each machine the energy = \
- keep a long of problems \
- \
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 9 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - Check Diagrams?\
- \

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - see photo, new inputs \
- time use\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 10 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - C& IT\
- How, what? Interpret Audits results\
- Contact Sustainability office\
- Testing with users?\

\i - Usability > important?\
- Data gathering? Who? What? When? - Sally, no questionnaires\

\i0\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - Kevin Chalmer > game lab\
\

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul QUESTIONS FOR WEEK 11 MEETING\

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone - How many people work for the SoC?\
- How many offices?\
- Does anyone know the total carbon footprint of the school of computing?\
- Sally Smith said the average nb of computers in the SoC is 1.2 units / person, can I use that?\
- Staff rooms independently?\
- Server rooms?\
\

\b \ul // MEETING NOTES\

\b0 \ulnone - Soc and institute of research\
}